# 3D-Project
Designing Software
When it comes to designing software, there is no one way of creating different scales of programs. Sometimes the program is small enough that I am able to create it from scratch, while others require more preparation such as creating a complex system. These larger projects usually have a diagram to keep my thoughts aligned, such as creating a UML diagram, while others are a bulleted list of the things I require each class to do. For this project, I had an entire notebook dedicated to learning how to create some of the 3D objects in this class and the important functions to look out for. I would say that some of the news skills I learned from working on this project was how to communicate the different functions among one another and how they interact. Before, I did not have much practice in regards to using different functions before but now I have a better understanding of them.

Developing Programs
Like designing software, developing programs may also need a different method to be used depending on the scale of the project. However, programs for me usually have a more straight-forward way of creating, such as starting with the fundmanetals that the program runs correctly (creating a Hello World program) and then starting to create prototype functions that I would like to use in the program. After setting up fields and functions, I go about detailing the functions created and finally creating a main function that pieces all of the information together.

Reaching Goals with Computer Science
Computer science can help me reach my goals by helping me understand how code works. There are many different sections of code, such as graphics, security, and programs. I want to make videogames in the future as well as work as a data analyst or work with big data. I believe computer science helps me to achieve this goal but more specifically, the CS-330 class helped me understand better how 3D objects are created in OpenGL and what sort of properties they hold, such as vertex coordinates, normal forces, and texture coordinates. I also learned more about the GLEW library and how some of those functions work to help create a 3D scene. Educationally, I learned more how to use different functions to achieve my goals in this course. Professionally, I believe having an experience in the field of creating 3D objects helps to expand my overall knowledge of programming that would help me narrow my career choice in the future.
